c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.exe
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.deps.json
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.dll
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.pdb
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\OceanLeader.styles.css
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\OceanLeader.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\hl5yoynndq-b9sayid5wm.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\500n2tul7g-61n19gt1b8.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\l9luvi5yaw-xtxxf3hu2r.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\2h1exycxv0-bqjiyaj88i.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\14z1hgpehh-c2jlpeoesf.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\p3dt5l954b-erw9l3u2r3.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pc0bg4djw6-aexeepp0ev.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0vrauk9233-d7shbmvgxk.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\wt71b0z3tq-ausgxo2sd3.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\8mlmxmiivu-k8d9w2qqmf.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ul3ny1vty9-cosvhxvwiu.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mf56fqrcnd-ub07r2b239.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\i3cg7u5hci-fvhpjtyr6v.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\l2z7sqc2d9-b7pk76d08c.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\tyk2c17d51-fsbi9cje9m.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\s8ayd4i7ye-rzd6atqjts.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\hlep9ay4nr-ee0r1s7dh0.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\j99q7n593z-dxx9fxp4il.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qurg25ym6w-jd9uben2k1.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xlh7nzoex6-khv3u5hwcm.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xde4zdg650-r4e9w2rdcm.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\u8dvhqxgia-lcd1t2u6c8.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5bdn9wjqn5-c2oey78nd0.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\otgv3md106-tdbxkamptv.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\sjh89akse8-j5mq2jizvt.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ovinpyfwck-06098lyss8.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dizpb3ts8y-nvvlpmu67g.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dzjqyky3dt-s35ty4nyc5.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\vby0gzvgqh-pj5nd1wqec.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\x9acgsei1m-46ein0sx1k.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\97yyojqazd-v0zj4ognzu.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mp5r63bq68-37tfw0ft22.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yhv30gtfxz-hrwsygsryq.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9y2n10mndd-pk9g2wxc8p.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pe4r0nobck-ft3s53vfgj.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pdyurnk4pq-6cfz1n2cew.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\04zwetoxhg-6pdc2jztkx.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\floewzxcan-493y06b0oq.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pb4a5nd2lw-iovd86k7lj.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5pqqfcv3al-vr1egmr9el.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ojo7tmhwsr-kbrnm935zg.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0uzpq7obao-jj8uyg4cgr.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\392txodx30-y7v9cxd14o.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xpm7nx0w2j-notf2xhcfb.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7yhd46bplm-h1s4sie4z3.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mcq3gwhmmk-63fj8s7r0e.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\el22ccqe0f-0j3bgjxly4.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fmbmkt103k-47otxtyo56.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\tu4o782zot-4v8eqarkd7.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pu1ge57ngk-356vix0kms.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\l7xo6lq4xs-83jwlth58m.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\b8ss7247cg-mrlpezrjn3.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\773k8vrqmi-lzl9nlhx6b.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uewp6u8p88-ag7o75518u.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ekzid7cz56-x0q3zqp4vz.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5cll50unfq-0i3buxo5is.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qv7b6kvajj-o1o13a6vjx.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\h6s7d4p7qe-ttgo8qnofa.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\tcmw41xiv4-2z0ns9nrw6.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\x0ek89aifk-muycvpuwrr.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\v5fn70x5wl-87fc7y1x7t.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7d3sj0xu1i-mlv21k5csn.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ygq545m5zu-x58j6fgknk.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4iyvzdej3d-x58j6fgknk.gz
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.OceanLeader.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.OceanLeader.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssetEndpoints.props
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.OceanLeader.props
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.OceanLeader.props
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.OceanLeader.props
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.dll
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\OceanLeader.dll
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.pdb
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\OceanLeader.dll
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.staticwebassets.runtime.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.exe
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.deps.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.dll
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.pdb
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\OceanLeader.styles.css
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\OceanLeader.bundle.scp.css
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\500n2tul7g-61n19gt1b8.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\l9luvi5yaw-xtxxf3hu2r.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\2h1exycxv0-bqjiyaj88i.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\14z1hgpehh-c2jlpeoesf.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\p3dt5l954b-erw9l3u2r3.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pc0bg4djw6-aexeepp0ev.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0vrauk9233-d7shbmvgxk.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\wt71b0z3tq-ausgxo2sd3.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\8mlmxmiivu-k8d9w2qqmf.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ul3ny1vty9-cosvhxvwiu.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mf56fqrcnd-ub07r2b239.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\i3cg7u5hci-fvhpjtyr6v.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\l2z7sqc2d9-b7pk76d08c.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\tyk2c17d51-fsbi9cje9m.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\s8ayd4i7ye-rzd6atqjts.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\hlep9ay4nr-ee0r1s7dh0.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\j99q7n593z-dxx9fxp4il.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qurg25ym6w-jd9uben2k1.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xlh7nzoex6-khv3u5hwcm.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xde4zdg650-r4e9w2rdcm.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\u8dvhqxgia-lcd1t2u6c8.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5bdn9wjqn5-c2oey78nd0.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\otgv3md106-tdbxkamptv.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\sjh89akse8-j5mq2jizvt.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ovinpyfwck-06098lyss8.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dizpb3ts8y-nvvlpmu67g.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dzjqyky3dt-s35ty4nyc5.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\vby0gzvgqh-pj5nd1wqec.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\x9acgsei1m-46ein0sx1k.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\97yyojqazd-v0zj4ognzu.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mp5r63bq68-37tfw0ft22.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yhv30gtfxz-hrwsygsryq.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9y2n10mndd-pk9g2wxc8p.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pe4r0nobck-ft3s53vfgj.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pdyurnk4pq-6cfz1n2cew.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\04zwetoxhg-6pdc2jztkx.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\floewzxcan-493y06b0oq.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pb4a5nd2lw-iovd86k7lj.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5pqqfcv3al-vr1egmr9el.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ojo7tmhwsr-kbrnm935zg.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0uzpq7obao-jj8uyg4cgr.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\392txodx30-y7v9cxd14o.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xpm7nx0w2j-notf2xhcfb.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7yhd46bplm-h1s4sie4z3.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mcq3gwhmmk-63fj8s7r0e.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\el22ccqe0f-0j3bgjxly4.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fmbmkt103k-47otxtyo56.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\tu4o782zot-4v8eqarkd7.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pu1ge57ngk-356vix0kms.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\l7xo6lq4xs-83jwlth58m.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\b8ss7247cg-mrlpezrjn3.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\773k8vrqmi-lzl9nlhx6b.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uewp6u8p88-ag7o75518u.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ekzid7cz56-x0q3zqp4vz.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5cll50unfq-0i3buxo5is.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qv7b6kvajj-o1o13a6vjx.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\h6s7d4p7qe-ttgo8qnofa.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\tcmw41xiv4-2z0ns9nrw6.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\x0ek89aifk-muycvpuwrr.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\v5fn70x5wl-87fc7y1x7t.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7d3sj0xu1i-mlv21k5csn.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.OceanLeader.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.OceanLeader.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssetEndpoints.props
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.OceanLeader.props
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.OceanLeader.props
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.OceanLeader.props
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.dll
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\OceanLeader.dll
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.pdb
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\OceanLeader.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\OceanLeader.dll
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\package-lock.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\bin\Debug\net9.0\package.json
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\hl5yoynndq-r667rfb93p.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ygq545m5zu-kr12lbjyai.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4iyvzdej3d-kr12lbjyai.gz
C:\Users\brend\OneDrive\Documents\DWIT\Ocean Leader\OceanLeader\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1sim2ikt51-wukxepo379.gz
